feat: update workflows but keep any action hashes intact (#230)
sbt/sbt-github-actions: README.md

- `githubWorkflowGenerate` – Generates (and overwrites if extant) **ci.yml** and **clean.yml** workflows according to configuration within sbt. The **clean.yml** workflow is something that GitHub Actions should just do by default: it removes old build artifacts to prevent them from running up your storage usage (it has no effect on currently running builds). This workflow is unconfigurable and is simply drawn from the static contents of the **clean.yml** resource file within this repository.
- `githubWorkflowCheck` – Checks to see if the **ci.yml** and **clean.yml** files are equivalent to what would be generated and errors if otherwise. This task is run from within the generated **ci.yml** to ensure that the build and the workflow are kept in sync. As a general rule, any time you change the workflow configuration within sbt, you should regenerate the **ci.yml** and commit the results, but inevitably people forget. This check fails the build if that happens. Note that if you *need* to manually fiddle with the **ci.yml** contents, for whatever reason, you will need to remove the call to this check from within the workflow, otherwise your build will simply fail.

> - `githubWorkflowUpdate` – Regenerates **ci.yml** and **clean.yml**, but if action references have been replaced by hashes keeps those intact. If you know you're not changing the action references then `githubWorkflowGenerate` is simpler, but if you're managing action reference hashes separately (e.g. with a tool such as dependabot) then this helps the tools coexist.

Reviewer: What do you think about the following description?:

```suggestion
- `githubWorkflowUpdate` – Regenerates **ci.yml** and **clean.yml** while preserving the action references. This lets us use Dependabot to manage the action dependencies.
```

Author: sure that works - nice and short!
